you read your Pullman English class I
was really moved
we should definitely be the creative
writing Club your natural are you just
saying that no I'm serious
you have those magical qualities that
all the great writers possess the drama
of dusty offski sophistication of Joy's
excitement hooray
Oh your UI is beautiful thank you hey
show a little restraint here this is a
public place nice timing your Kirk
Thanks
anyone ever tell you could crack your
knuckles I'll go big and ugly yeah yeah
come on comments we gotta get down to
Ziggy's they say let's see these I can't
I've got a good old meeting Oh what the
creative writing Club why'd you do a
stupid thing like that
right
it's for the good of mankind it's for
the good of my spaghetti sauce why don't
you believe these premises madam or I'll
be forced to reject you physically Oh
dr. J is this a bad time next time you
come snooping around my garden I won't
go so easy on you hello Andrew maybe I
should come back when you're not so
upset upset upset do you know what this
is sir it's so-so right on the label yes
yes well someday every household will
have one of these so they can freeze dry
fruits or vegetables are uninvited
guests sorry dr. J I just wanted some
advice I've got to write an action story
and I need an idea how about this
brilliant scientist is working on a new
invention that will benefit all of
mankind but his demented neighbor and
his young friend keep interrupting him
so the scientist strangles them both is
sent to prison and mankind is a loser
okay yeah nice talking to you
the sound of sirens filled the night
gunshots and gang wars were the order of
the day
notorious hood release my governor let
me see that kid sure slimeball freed I
thought I sent this rat up for good
there ain't no justice Nick
yes sir is he just didn't get his full
share yet how's life treating you kid
like the world's havin a party and I'm
not invited yeah I know it's tough out
there maybe that'll smooth things out a
little Wow a whole silver dollar oh
that's swell yeah Nick I'll be able to
eat for a whole week forget it
your sister sweet facial rounds she's
inside taking pictures if you asked me
I'd say she's got it pretty bad for you
Nick I didn't ask you but it's good to
know
you know thank you yeah I'm fine thanks
for saving my life Nick forget it
one light
yes sure oh and thanks for saving my
life in that shootout last week forget
it
and the week before that - forget it I'm
the week before
please forget it hey Nick
yeah he's out of jail be careful
Oh
hey da NIC well you should have come
here
I'm a cop sweet face I go where I want
besides you're here but this is
slimewalls club he swore he'd get even
with you for sending him up don't worry
be happy I don't know what I'd do if
anything ever happened to you Nick
Andrew curves what are you doing here
curves got your burger back from the
restaurant oh thanks but I've got to
finish my story even Hemingway took time
out for a meal
the ethnic felt wasn't from hunger like
I was saying I don't know what I'd do
without you Nick
you know the boy ain't gonna be too
choked up when he finds a diet help he's
playing tonsil hockey with the fuzz not
scaring anyone knuckles yes yes so Kappa
you getting any free donuts lately never
this good knuckles
cuz I'm only gonna say it once I never
took a free doughnut in my life okay
okay where's the slimeball he'll be
right in he's just paying the cabbie
he's a big tipper
what's everybody so scared about which
is just a car backfiring relax I'm all
out of tips
I told you never ever to sing that song
again 12 years ago when I went up the
river you're singing that song now
you're still singing that song I hate
that song you know what I want to hear
now sing it
camptown races five miles long doo-dah
doo-dah ladies o dee doo da day long
time no see
sly ball - did you set me up
when I went into the joint there was
waving wide lapels how a matter the time
I'm wearin wide lapels again you made me
miss Marron apparels
that's right slime man just remember
this if you ever get out of line again
I'll be on you like flies at a gypsy
picnic
boy I'm shaking all over
Oh
sad who cares about your stupid niche
look at my club
I think we see George okay no knows that
shut up I can't say get this thing out
of here my pleasure boss I don't want to
sound cold but you think when you get
over Nikki who are you and me to go out
but slime buckets not gonna feel too
good when he sees this
I say boss it was attached to a stick of
dynamite where where well come welcome
back slimeball well gee thanks it's not
from me
somebody's trying to give you a little
homecoming present yeah I think I know
who it is - my old friend pasta fazool
we got problems big problems yeah big
problem we ain't gonna solve them by a
fight with each other but no sweat fish
pasta fazool you're a sight for sore
eyes real saw Savin all right dad a
business I was just telling my
associates that I have a plan to get rid
of that Boy Scout Nolan when I was in
the joint I had plenty of time to think
about how I was gonna get even with no
one for sending me up well yes 12 rotten
stinking rat investigators and that
cesspool just because I forgot to wipe
off one lousy finger break from a body
side address
shut up out there anyway I put my time
to good use I invented a machine that
you take care of all our problems I give
you electronic laser molecular
obliterator watch this
it took three hundred and twenty-five
thousand volts of electricity to melt
that little cue ball yeah if I'm gonna
melt a human being it's gonna take
millions of watts and you got him in
that power plant of yours you got the
key to our freedom posture what do you
say
more sass
penny for your thoughts
I was just thinking
how nice it is to be sitting here with
you
we've been going together for quite a
while now eight years yeah I was just
trying to figure out a way to ask you
something and yes well
I really like it if you would yes quit
the Trump like a banner it's a bad joint
sweet face people are getting hurt there
all the time but I can't quit freckles
and I need the money as long as I'm
around you and freckles will never go
hungry
Andrew Andrew Andrew Aaron I left
specific instructions not to be
disturbed while I'm creating that's what
I told that girl Jennifer came looking
for you
Jennifer here why didn't you tell me
make up your mind you said you didn't
want to be disturbed she said she'd come
back later
Nick was always being interrupted he
hadn't slept in days Nick sorry to
bother you but I got big trouble
somebody's kidnapped freckles he left a
ransom note saying to bring a thousand
dollars down to the power Works building
or I'd never see her again oh gee thanks
Nick
here's swell
instead of trying to save a kid he's
yella just like Papa
next connect
big Nick nerd ain't nothing but
where'd you learn to shoot like that oh
just a little something I pick up at the
top I gotta go find Nick okay
no more birthday boy
sorry yeah
yes my god not yearwe got guy guys
Melton's too good for you slimeball I'm
gonna put you behind bars for the rest
of your life back to my life what do I
do
letter request one light
kerbs walks up behind slime ball and
starts to sing the song he hates what'll
I do
I love it
really well it's humorous exciting
colorful just like you oh I don't know
really I have been waiting for this for
a long time you are not gonna believe
our excellent luck
not only does Iggy's have CDs left but
the prey away
right
you